Ralof: Hey, you. You're finally awake. You were trying to cross the border,
       right? Walked right into that Imperial ambush, same as us, and that
       thief over there.
Lokir: Damn you Stormcloaks. Skyrim was fine until you came along. Empire was
       nice and lazy. If they hadn't been looking for you, I could've stolen
       that horse and been half way to Hammerfell. You there. You and me -- we
       should be here. It's these Stormcloaks the Empire wants.

Ralof: We're all brothers and sisters in binds now, thief.

Imperial Soldier: Shut up back there!

[Lokir looks at the gagged man.]

Lokir: And what's wrong with him?

Ralof: Watch your tongue! You're speaking to Ulfric Stormcloak, the true High
       King.

Lokir: Ulfric? The Jarl of Windhelm? You're the leader of the rebellion. But if
       they captured you... Oh gods, where are they taking us?

Ralof: I don't know where we're going, but Sovngarde awaits.

Lokir: No, this can't be happening. This isn't happening.

Ralof: Hey, what village are you from, horse thief?

Lokir: Why do you care?

Ralof: A Nord's last thoughts should be of home.

Lokir: Rorikstead. I'm...I'm from Rorikstead.

[They approach the village of Helgen. A soldier calls out to the lead wagon.]

Imperial Soldier: General Tullius, sir! The headsman is waiting!

General Tullius: Good. Let's get this over with.

Lokir: Shor, Mara, Dibella, Kynareth, Akatosh. Divines, please help me.

Ralof: Look at him, General Tullius the Military Governor. And it looks like
       the Thalmor are with him. Damn elves. I bet they had something to do
       with this. This is Helgen. I used to be sweet on a girl from here. Wonder if Vilod
       is still making that mead with juniper berries mixed in. Funny...when I
       was a boy, Imperial walls and towers used to make me feel so safe.

[A man and son watch the prisoners pull into town.]

Haming: Who are they, daddy? Where are they going?

Torolf: You need to go inside, little cub.

Haming: Why? I want to watch the soldiers.

Torolf: Inside the house. Now.

[The wagon stops near the chopping block.]

Imperial Soldier: Whoa.

Lokir: Why are they stopping?

Ralof: Why do you think? End of the line. Let's go. Shouldn't keep the gods
       waiting for us.

Lokir: No! Wait! We're not rebels!

Ralof: Face your death with some courage, thief.

[Under the Imperials' watchful eye, the prisoners start jumping out.]

Lokir: You've got to tell them! We weren't with you! This is a mistake!

Imperial Captain: Step toward the block when we call your name. One at a time!

Ralof: Empire loves their damn lists.

Hadvar: Ulfric Stormcloak. Jarl of Windhelm.

Ralof: It has been an honor, Jarl Ulfric!

Hadvar: Ralof of Riverwood. Lokir of Rorikstead.

Lokir: No, I'm not a rebel! You can't do this!

[He makes a break for it.]

Imperial Captain: Halt!

Lokir: You're not going to kill me!

Imperial Captain: Archers!

[Lokir is downed with one bowshot.]

Imperial Captain: Anyone else feel like running?

Hadvar: Wait, you there. Step forward. Who are you?

[The player picks his/her character, prompting a race-related remark.]

